Minor readme fixes (#82)
akka/akka-platform-guide: README.md

Example code
------------

The example application used in the documentation is composed of 3 three microservices. The projects for these services are located at:

* [Shopping cart service in Scala](docs-source/docs/modules/cqrs/examples/shopping-cart-service-scala)

> * [Shopping cart analytics service in Scala](docs-source/docs/modules/cqrs/examples/shopping-analytics-service-scala)

Reviewer: while you are at it, could you also update the renamed `cqrs` directory? It's now `shopping-microservices`. I missed that.

> This folder contains the sources for parts of the [Akka web site](https://akka.io/akka-microservices-samples).

Author: I've ignored this one on purpose until we settle on a name

Reviewer: You can use https://akka.io/akka-platform-guide
That is anyway in site.yml

Author: ```suggestion
This folder contains the sources for parts of the [Akka web site](https://akka.io/akka-platform-guide).
```
